X Letters are taken randomly from remaining tiles
X Letter tiles can be dragged-and-dropped onto target Scrabble squares
X Program identifies which tile is dropped onto which square
X board includes bonus squares
X score is tallied correctly (TODO: including tiles from previous words)
X any number of words can be played (currently errors when it runs out of tiles)
the board is cleared after each round (I'm assuming this doesn't count since I implemented a full board?)
X after playing a word, the hand refills from remaining tiles
X score is kept for multiple words (but doesn't calculate using tiles from previous words yet)
X tiles can only be dragged from the rack to the Scrabble board
X one the tile is placed on the Scrabble board, it cannot be removed (originally I allowed swapping but removed per the spec)
X except for the first letter, all sub-sequent letters must be placed directly next to a letter with no space
X full Scrabble board lines are implemented
X word validation

I started by creating the scrabble board.
Since I'm lazy, I just used some javascript to do it for me.
I filled each of the special tiles using some more javascript.
Next I added the tiles, and a data structure to store the value and remaining quantity of tiles.
I made the tiles draggable, and made the table droppable.
I struggled for a while to make the tiles drop nicely into the squares of the board, until I eventually just
set the contents of the table element to the image, and deleted the original image.
Since the spec says not to allow for changes of the tiles, I don't have to ever replace a tile once it's been played.
That makes this implementation work nicely for this situation, but I wouldn't want to use it if I added more functionality.
I then added logic to calculate the score of a word, and modified it to be able to determine if words were made using previously placed tiles.
Then I added the dictionary lookup.
It still gets confused if your word is made by adding a single letter, as it can't tell if it's supposed to be vertical or horizontal (assumed horizontal).